OADP - 2041 Timeouts (#62805)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-timeouts.adoc

[id="Restic-timeout_{context}"]
== Restic timeout

.Kind
DataProtectionApplication

.Version
oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1

.Field
`timeout` <string>

.Description
The `timeout` defines the Restic timeout. The default value is 1h.

.Implementation
.. Use this parameter for Restic backups with large volumes.
.. For Restic backups only. Use this parameter if backups are timing out with the following error:
+
[source,terminal]
----
level=error msg="Error backing up item" backup=velero/monitoring error="timed out waiting for all PodVolumeBackups to complete"
----

[id="Velero-resource-timeout_{context}"]
== Velereo resource timeout

.Kind
DataProtectionApplication

.Version
oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1

.Field
`resourceTimeout` <string>

.Description
The `resourceTimeout` defines how long to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, `volumeSnapshot` deletion, and repo availability. The default is 10m.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout for backups with very large volumes . This parameter is used as a timeout value when Velero tries to clean-up or delete the Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, before marking the backup as complete.

> ... A sub-task of this cleanup tries to patch VSC and this timeout can be used for that task.

Reviewer: Please see the preview for this line, I think the formatting is wrong.

Author: I think that's the way a sub task looks.
i.
ii.

Reviewer: OK (:+1:

+
.. Use this timeout to create or ensure a backup repository is ready for filesystem based backups for Restic or Kopia.
.. Use this timeout to check if the Velero CRD is available in the cluster before restoring the custom resource (CR) or resource from the backup.

[id="Velero-default-item-operation-timeout_{context}"]
== Velereo default item operation timeout

.Kind
DataProtectionApplication

.Version
oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1

.Field
`defaultItemOperationTimeout` <string>

.Description
How long to wait on asynchronous `BackupItemActions` and `RestoreItemActions` to complete before timing out. The default value is 1h.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover.

> .. Use this timeout to specify the amount of time a particular backup should wait for the Asynchronous actions to complete. In the context of OADP features, this value is used for the Asynchronous actions involved in the Container Storage Interface (CSI) Data Mover feature.

Reviewer: This timeout also apply for restore, not just backups, please update.

> .. Use this timeout to specify the amount of time a particular backup should wait for the Asynchronous actions to complete. In the context of OADP features, this value is used for the Asynchronous actions involved in the Container Storage Interface (CSI) Data Mover feature.

Reviewer: This timeout also apply for restore, please update.

Author: I added.
"the amount of time a particular backup or restore should wait for the Asynchronous..."

== Velereo default item operation timeout

.oc explain
dataprotectionapplications.oadp.openshift.io.spec.configuration.velero.defaultItemOperationTimeout

.Kind
DataProtectionApplication

.Version
oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1

.Field
`defaultItemOperationTimeout` <string>

.Description
How long to wait on asynchronous `BackupItemActions` and `RestoreItemActions` to complete before timing out. The default value is 1h.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover.
.. Use this timeout to specify the amount of time a particular backup or restore should wait for the Asynchronous actions to complete. In the context of OADP features, this value is used for the Asynchronous actions involved in the Container Storage Interface (CSI) Data Mover feature.

[id="Datamover-timeout_{context}"]
== Data Mover timeout

.oc explain
dataprotectionapplications.oadp.openshift.io.spec.features.dataMover.timeout

.Kind
DataProtectionApplication

.Version
oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1

.Field
`timeout` <string>

.Description
User supplied timeout to be used for `VolumeSnapshotBackup` and `VolumeSnapshotRestore` to complete. The default value is 10m.

.Implementation

> .. Use this timeout when VSB creation times out after 10min, use this setting to adjust the timeout appropriately.

Reviewer: Maybe 
```
when VSB/VSR creation times out....
```

.. For large scale environments set timeout for 1hr.
.. Use this timeout with the vsm plugin.
.. Use this timeout with OADP 1.2.x+.

[id="CSIsnapshot-timeout_{context}"]
== CSI snapshot timeout

.oc explain
backups.velero.io.spec.csiSnapshotTimeout

.Kind
Backup

.Version
velero.io/v1

.Field
`csiSnapshotTimeout` <string>

.Description
`CSISnapshotTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for `CSI VolumeSnapshot`, status turns to `ReadyToUse` during creation, before returning error as timeout. The default value is 10m.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout with the csi plugin.
.. Very large volumes may take longer than 10 minutes to snapshot, adjust this timeout if timeouts are found in the logs.
.. It is unlikely that this timeout will require adjusting.

[id="Item-operation-timeout_{context}"]
== Item operation timeout

.oc explain
restores.velero.io.spec.itemOperationTimeout

.Kind
Restore

.Version
velero.io/v1

.Field
`itemOperationTimeout` <string>

.Description
`ItemOperationTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for `RestoreItemAction` operations. The default value is 1hr.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover 1.2.x.

> .. Use this timeout for Data Mover uploads and downloads to or from the `BackupStorageLocation`. If the backup or restore action is not completed when the timeout is reached, it will be marked as failed. If Data Mover operations are failing due to timeout issues, because of large volume sizes, then this timeout setting may need to be increased.

Reviewer: Please update:
```
If the restore action is not completed....
```

== Item operation timeout

.oc explain
Backup.spec.itemOperationTimeout

.Kind
Backup

.Version
velero.io/v1

.Field
`itemOperationTimeout` <string>

.Description
`ItemOperationTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for asynchronous
`BackupItemAction` operations The default value is 1hr.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover 1.2.x.

> .. Use this timeout for Data Mover uploads and downloads to or from the `BackupStorageLocation`. If the backup or restore action is not completed when the timeout is reached, it will be marked as failed. If Data Mover operations are failing due to timeout issues, because of large volume sizes, then this timeout setting may need to be increased.

Reviewer: Please update:
```
If the backup action is not completed
```

Below are various OADP timeouts, with instructions of how and when to implement these parameters:

[id="Restic-timeout_{context}"]
== Restic timeout

.Description
The `timeout` defines the Restic timeout. The default value is 1h.

.Implementation
.. Use this parameter for Restic backups with large volumes.
.. For Restic backups only. Use this parameter if backups are timing out with the following error:
+
[source,terminal]
----
level=error msg="Error backing up item" backup=velero/monitoring error="timed out waiting for all PodVolumeBackups to complete"
----

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.configuration.restic.timeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Please use:
```
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  configuration:
    restic:
      timeout: 1h
  ...
```

Reviewer 2: You should tuck this, and all, code blocks under the step using a `+` character. It looks cleaner.

apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
 configuration:
   timeout: 1h
----

[id="Velero-resource-timeout_{context}"]
== Velereo resource timeout

.Description
The `resourceTimeout` defines how long to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, `volumeSnapshot` deletion, and repo availability. The default is 10m.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout for backups with very large volumes . This parameter is used as a timeout value when Velero tries to clean-up or delete the Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, before marking the backup as complete.
... A sub-task of this cleanup tries to patch VSC and this timeout can be used for that task.
+
.. Use this timeout to create or ensure a backup repository is ready for filesystem based backups for Restic or Kopia.
.. Use this timeout to check if the Velero CRD is available in the cluster before restoring the custom resource (CR) or resource from the backup.

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.configuration.velero.resourceTimeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Please use:
```
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      resourceTimeout: 10m
  ...
```

----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
 configuration:
   resourceTimeout: 10m
----

[id="Datamover-timeout_{context}"]
== Data Mover timeout

.Description

> User supplied timeout to be used for `VolumeSnapshotBackup` and `VolumeSnapshotRestore` to complete. The default value is 10m.

Reviewer: Add the parameter name, for example:
```
The timeout defines...
```

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout when VSB/VSR creation times out after 10min, use this setting to adjust the timeout appropriately.
.. For large scale environments set timeout for 1hr.
.. Use this timeout with the vsm plugin.
.. Use this timeout with OADP 1.1.x.

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.features.dataMover.timeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Please use:
```
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  features:
    dataMover:
      timeout: 10m
  ...
```

----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
 configuration:
   timeout: 10m
----

[id="CSIsnapshot-timeout_{context}"]
== CSI snapshot timeout

.Description
`CSISnapshotTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for `CSI VolumeSnapshot`, the status turns to `ReadyToUse` during creation, before returning error as timeout. The default value is 10m.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout with the csi plugin.
.. Very large volumes may take longer than 10 minutes to snapshot, adjust this timeout if timeouts are found in the logs.
.. It is unlikely that this timeout will require adjusting.

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.csiSnapshotTimeout` block of the `Backup` CR manifest, as in the following example:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Backup
metadata:
 name: <backup_name>
spec:
 csiSnapshotTimeout: 10m
----

[id="Velero-default-item-operation-timeout_{context}"]
== Velereo default item operation timeout

.Description

> How long to wait on asynchronous `BackupItemActions` and `RestoreItemActions` to complete before timing out. The default value is 1h.

Reviewer: Add the parameter name here, for example:
```
The defaultItemOperationTimeout defines...
```

.Implementation

> .. Use this timeout only with Data Mover.

Reviewer: Add
```
Use this timeout only with Data Mover 1.2.x.
```

.. Use this timeout to specify the amount of time a particular backup or restore should wait for the Asynchronous actions to complete. In the context of OADP features, this value is used for the Asynchronous actions involved in the Container Storage Interface (CSI) Data Mover feature.

> .. When `itemOperationTimeout` is defined in the DPA using the `defaultItemOperationTimeout`, it applies to both backup and restore operations. You can use `itemOperationTimeout` to define only the backup or only the restore of those CRs, as described below in *Item operation timeout - restore*, and *Item operation timeout - backup*.

Reviewer: ```
When `defaultItemOperationTimeout` is defined in the DPA using the `defaultItemOperationTimeout`...
```

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.configuration.velero.defaultItemOperationTimeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Please use:
```
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultItemOperationTimeout: 1h
  ...
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-timeouts_{context}"]
= OADP timeouts

> Extending a timeout allows complex or resource-intensive processes to complete successfully without premature termination, reducing the likelihood of errors, retries or failures. However, it is necessary to strike a balance when extending timeouts. Setting excessively long timeouts may hide underlying issues in the process. Therefore, careful consideration and monitoring are necessary to determine an appropriate timeout value that meets the needs of the process and the overall system performance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Extending a timeout allows complex or resource-intensive processes to complete successfully without premature termination. This configuration can reduce the likelihood of errors, retries, or failures. 

Ensure that you balance timeout extensions in a logical manner so that you do not configure excessively long timeouts that might hide underlying issues in the process. Carefully consider and monitor an appropriate timeout value that meets the needs of the process and the overall system performance.
```

Reviewer 3: "It" can be a vague referent. Best to swap out and replace with the target noun.

Reviewer 3: "Strike a balancer" could be classed as jargon. 

Two transitional clauses added extra words that do not really change the meaning of the text.

Below are various OADP timeouts, with instructions of how and when to implement these parameters:

[id="Restic-timeout_{context}"]
== Restic timeout

> .Description

Reviewer 2: What is a Description? I don't see that used in the docs.

> .Description

Author: The description is how the 'timeout" is described in the CLI, when the user asks for a description. I'd like to keep this as it is.

> .Description

Reviewer 4: I'm sorry Carmi, I have to agree with @mburke5678 and @dfitzmau on the usage of `.Description` and `.Implementation`. I can't discern if you are attempting to define these terms or something else. @kalexand-rh  can you help us find a path forward?

> .Description

Reviewer 5: The content really needs to follow the format of the [mod docs](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#_creating_modules) module templates. It's not clear from the content that the descriptions relate to information from the CLI, so I agree that they should be removed. Additionally, you can't have multiple procedures in the same module (or procedures in a concept module). At minimum, I suggest labeling this module as `:_content-type: REFERENCE` and replacing each instance of `.Procedure` with a different heading.

> `timeout` defines the Restic timeout. The default value is 1h.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`timeout` defines the Restic timeout. The default value is `1h`.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: What is an _Implementation_? I don't see that used in the docs. Also, should these be bullet points, rather than a, b, c sub-steps?

Author: @mburke5678 
You are right

Reviewer 4: I still see `.Implementation`. Are these actually just `.Prerequisites`? "If backups are timing out with the following error" itself seems like a troubleshooting step. I still think we are not ready to merge here.

.Implementation

> .. Use this parameter for Restic backups with large volumes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Use this parameter for Restic backups that contain large storage volumes.
```

Reviewer 2: What constitutes a _large_ volume? Is there a hard metric to consider?

Author: Large - total PV data usage >500GB

> .. For Restic backups only. Use this parameter if backups are timing out with the following error:

Reviewer 3: I'm not understanding the a to b relationship. I see Restic backups in both (a) and (b) listings.

+
[source,terminal]
----
level=error msg="Error backing up item" backup=velero/monitoring error="timed out waiting for all PodVolumeBackups to complete"
----

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.configuration.restic.timeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  configuration:
    restic:
      timeout: 1h

>   ...

Reviewer 2: This should be `# ...`

----

[id="Velero-resource-timeout_{context}"]
== Velereo resource timeout

.Description

> `resourceTimeout` defines how long to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, `volumeSnapshot` deletion, and repo availability. The default is 10m.

Reviewer 3: repo > repository

.Implementation

> .. Use this timeout for backups with very large volumes . This parameter is used as a timeout value when Velero tries to clean-up or delete the Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots, before marking the backup as complete.

Reviewer 3: Global change > volumes/storage volumes

Reviewer 2: Is there a hard metric to consider to determine a _very large volumes_.

Reviewer: Good point @mburke5678 
Let's ask scale team, I asked them in the Jira ticket:
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-2041

Author: Very large - Large - total PV data usage >1TB

> ... A sub-task of this cleanup tries to patch VSC and this timeout can be used for that task.

Reviewer 3: To avoid the repetitive nature of "Use this timeout/parameter...", include a lead-in sentence.

+
.. Use this timeout to create or ensure a backup repository is ready for filesystem based backups for Restic or Kopia.
.. Use this timeout to check if the Velero CRD is available in the cluster before restoring the custom resource (CR) or resource from the backup.

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.configuration.velero.resourceTimeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      resourceTimeout: 10m
  ...
----

[id="Datamover-timeout_{context}"]
== Data Mover timeout

.Description

> `timeout` is a user supplied timeout to be used for `VolumeSnapshotBackup` and `VolumeSnapshotRestore` to complete. The default value is 10m.

Reviewer 3: `timeout` was also used in the Restic timeout listing. These should be merged or the lead-in sentences should focus more on the specific parameters, IMO, to avoid confusion.

Reviewer 2: s/user supplied/user-supplied

.Implementation

> .. Use this timeout when VSB/VSR creation times out after 10min, use this setting to adjust the timeout appropriately.

Reviewer 2: Should probably spell-out VSB and VSR or define the acronyms somewhere.

> .. For large scale environments set timeout for 1hr.

Reviewer 2: s/set timeout/set the timeout

> .. Use this timeout with the vsm plugin.

Reviewer 2: What is the _vsm plugin_?

Author: VolumeSnapshotMover (VSM)

The last one in the table.

https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.13/html-single/backup_and_restore/index#oadp-plugins_oadp-features-plugins

.. Use this timeout with OADP 1.1.x.

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.features.dataMover.timeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  features:
    dataMover:
      timeout: 10m
  ...
----

[id="CSIsnapshot-timeout_{context}"]
== CSI snapshot timeout

.Description

> `CSISnapshotTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for `CSI VolumeSnapshot`, the status turns to `ReadyToUse` during creation, before returning error as timeout. The default value is 10m.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`CSISnapshotTimeout` specifies the time during creation to wait until  the `CSI VolumeSnapshot` status becomes `ReadyToUse`, before returning error as timeout. The default value is `10m`.
```

.Implementation

> .. Use this timeout with the csi plugin.

Reviewer 2: s/csi plugin/CSI plugin

.. Very large volumes may take longer than 10 minutes to snapshot, adjust this timeout if timeouts are found in the logs.

> .. It is unlikely that this timeout will require adjusting.

Reviewer 3: This sounds like more of a note. How about:

[NOTE]
====
Typically, the default value for `CSISnapshotTimeout` does not require adjustment, because the default setting can accommodate large storage volumes. 
====

Author: I like your rewording, but I don't want to add a note. I'll replace the text with your text.

.Procedure

> * Edit the values in the `spec.csiSnapshotTimeout` block of the `Backup` CR manifest, as in the following example:

Reviewer 3: as demonstrated in the following example:

Reviewer 2: Would _as shown in the following example:_ be more minimal?

Author: @mburke5678 
"as in the following example:"
Is how it is written throughout the guide.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Backup
metadata:
 name: <backup_name>
spec:
 csiSnapshotTimeout: 10m
  ...
----

[id="Velero-default-item-operation-timeout_{context}"]

> == Velereo default item operation timeout

Author: Velero

.Description
`defaultItemOperationTimeout` defines how long to wait on asynchronous `BackupItemActions` and `RestoreItemActions` to complete before timing out. The default value is 1h.

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover 1.2.x.

> .. Use this timeout to specify the amount of time a particular backup or restore should wait for the Asynchronous actions to complete. In the context of OADP features, this value is used for the Asynchronous actions involved in the Container Storage Interface (CSI) Data Mover feature.

Reviewer 2: The word _asynchronous_ is not capitalized in the docs, based on a quick Atom search.

> .. When `defaultItemOperationTimeout` is defined in the DPA using the `defaultItemOperationTimeout`, it applies to both backup and restore operations. You can use `itemOperationTimeout` to define only the backup or only the restore of those CRs, as described below in *Item operation timeout - restore*, and *Item operation timeout - backup*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. When `defaultItemOperationTimeout` is defined in the DPA by using the `defaultItemOperationTimeout`, [vague referrent: three nouns stated before this dependent clause] applies to both backup and restore operations. You can use `itemOperationTimeout` to define only the backup or only the restore of those CRs, as described below in *Item operation timeout - restore*, and *Item operation timeout - backup*.
```

Reviewer 3: Avoid positional words such as "below"; best to use the standard clause "the following".

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `spec.configuration.velero.defaultItemOperationTimeout` block of the `DataProtectionApplication` CR manifest, as in the following example:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
 name: <dpa_name>
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultItemOperationTimeout: 1h
   ...
----

[id="Item-operation-timeout-restore_{context}"]
== Item operation timeout - restore

.Description

> `ItemOperationTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for `RestoreItemAction` operations. The default value is 1hr.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ItemOperationTimeout` specifies the time that is used to wait for `RestoreItemAction` operations. The default value is 1hr.
```

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover 1.2.x.

> .. Use this timeout for Data Mover uploads and downloads to or from the `BackupStorageLocation`. If the restore action is not completed when the timeout is reached, it will be marked as failed. If Data Mover operations are failing due to timeout issues, because of large volume sizes, then this timeout setting may need to be increased.

Reviewer 3: Lots of passive voice here. Can most of the index bullet points be converted to active voice? I'm unsure what is doing the action in a lot of cases. 

May/might

.Procedure
* Edit the values in the `Restore.spec.itemOperationTimeout` block of the `Restore` CR manifest, as in the following example:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: velero.io/v1
kind: Restore
metadata:
 name: <restore_name>
spec:
 itemOperationTimeout: 1h
  ...
----

[id="Item-operation-timeout-backup_{context}"]
== Item operation timeout - backup

.Description
`ItemOperationTimeout` specifies the time used to wait for asynchronous

> `BackupItemAction` operations The default value is 1hr.

Reviewer 2: s/operations The/operations. The (add a period)

.Implementation
.. Use this timeout only with Data Mover 1.2.x.

> .. Use this timeout for Data Mover uploads and downloads to or from the `BackupStorageLocation`. If the backup action is not completed when the timeout is reached, it will be marked as failed. If Data Mover operations are failing due to timeout issues, because of large volume sizes, then this timeout setting may need to be increased.

Reviewer 3: "it will be marked as failed." Passive voice. What does the marking? Also "will" is a guaranteed word, so this has to happen. Would it be best to drop "will" in numerous cases and use the present-tense of a verb? Example: X marks Y as failed (failed = a status, so 'failed').

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Use this timeout for Data Mover uploads and downloads to or from the `BackupStorageLocation`. If the backup action is not completed when the timeout is reached, it will be marked as failed. If Data Mover operations are failing due to timeout issues, then this timeout setting may need to be increased. For example, large volumes uploads or downloads might fail to complete in the designated time. 
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="oadp-timeouts_{context}"]
= OADP timeouts

Extending a timeout allows complex or resource-intensive processes to complete successfully without premature termination. This configuration can reduce the likelihood of errors, retries, or failures.

Ensure that you balance timeout extensions in a logical manner so that you do not configure excessively long timeouts that might hide underlying issues in the process. Carefully consider and monitor an appropriate timeout value that meets the needs of the process and the overall system performance.

> The following are various OADP timeouts, with instructions of how and when to implement these parameters:

Reviewer 6: Usually we wouldn't lead into a section heading with a `:`, but also maybe this line should be at the assembly-level (between the `include`s for this `oadp-timeouts.adoc` and the next module), since theoretically this module _could_ get used in another assembly and might not have the exact modules in the same `include` order.

Author: If possible I'd like to leave this the way it is.

> ////

Reviewer 6: It looks like you've commented out the sections here that were broken out into separate modules. If this is now duplicated content that is represented by the other modules, please clean up / remove the content between the `////`s.
